[DOC] IA refresh (#4928)
chroma-core/chroma: docs/docs.trychroma.com/markdoc/content/docs/embeddings/embedding-functions.md

| [Jina AI](../../integrations/embedding-models/jina-ai)                                   | ✓      | ✓          |
| [Cloudflare Workers AI](../../integrations/embedding-models/cloudflare-workers-ai)    | ✓      | ✓          |
| [Together AI](../../integrations/embedding-models/together-ai)                        | ✓      | ✓          |
| [Mistral](../../integrations/embedding-models/mistral)                                | ✓      | ✓          |

We welcome pull requests to add new Embedding Functions to the community.

***

## Default: all-MiniLM-L6-v2

> Chroma's default embedding function uses the [Sentence Transformers](https://www.sbert.net/) `all-MiniLM-L6-v2` model to create embeddings. This embedding model can create sentence and document embeddings that can be used for a wide variety of tasks. This embedding function runs locally on your machine, and may require you download the model files (this will happen automatically).

Author: I think we should keep "files" because we do actually download several files

It will be used in your collections, if you don't specify an embedding function:

{% Tabs %}

{% Tab label="python" %}
```python
collection = client.create_collection(name="my_collection")
```
{% /Tab %}

{% Tab label="typescript" %}
Install the `@chroma-core/default-embed` package:

{% TabbedUseCaseCodeBlock language="Terminal" %}

{% Tab label="npm" %}
```terminal
npm install @chroma-core/default-embed
```
{% /Tab %}

{% Tab label="pnpm" %}
```terminal
pnpm add @chroma-core/default-embed
```
{% /Tab %}

{% Tab label="yarn" %}
```terminal
yarn add @chroma-core/default-embed
```
{% /Tab %}

{% Tab label="bun" %}
```terminal
bun add @chroma-core/default-embed
```
{% /Tab %}

{% /TabbedUseCaseCodeBlock %}

Create a collection without providing an embedding function. It will automatically be set with the `DefaultEmbeddingFunction`:

```typescript
const collection = await client.createCollection({ name: "my-collection" });
```

{% /Tab %}

> {% /Tabs %}

Author: I don't think so? What's the use case for this?

    )
)

# Chroma will use OpenAIEmbeddingFunction to embed your documents
collection.add(
    ids=["id1", "id2"],
    documents=["doc1", "doc2"]
)
```
{% /Tab %}

{% Tab label="typescript" %}
Install the `@chroma-core/openai` package:

{% TabbedUseCaseCodeBlock language="Terminal" %}

{% Tab label="npm" %}
```terminal
npm install @chroma-core/openai
```
{% /Tab %}

{% Tab label="pnpm" %}
```terminal
pnpm add @chroma-core/openai
```
{% /Tab %}

{% Tab label="yarn" %}
```terminal
yarn add @chroma-core/openai
```
{% /Tab %}

{% Tab label="bun" %}
```terminal
bun add @chroma-core/openai
```
{% /Tab %}

{% /TabbedUseCaseCodeBlock %}

Create a collection with the `OpenAIEmbeddingFunction`:

```typescript
// Set you OPENAI_API_KEY enviornment variable
import { OpenAIEmbeddingFunction } from "@chroma-core/openai";

collection = await client.createCollection({
    name: "my_collection",
    embedding_function: new OpenAIEmbeddingFunction({
        model_name: "text-embedding-small-3"
    })
});

// Chroma will use OpenAIEmbeddingFunction to embed your documents
await collection.add({
    ids: ["id1", "id2"],
    documents: ["doc1", "doc2"]
})
```
{% /Tab %}

{% /Tabs %}

> You can also use embedding functions directly which can be handy for debugging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also call embedding functions directly, which can be useful for debugging.
```
